hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com
i'm your host dylan gravowski this
episode of the smart economy podcast is
part of the series focusing on
decentralized finance better known as d5
in episode 2 of the defy series i chat
with shiloh also known as lieutenant
snake pliskin
the chief administrative officer at elk
finance
elk finance is a cross-chain liquidity
platform that offers defy services such
as staking
liquidity pools and integrates nfts
across 19 blockchain networks and
growing
in this conversation shiloh and i
discuss how the d5 platform achieves
cross-chain interoperability
elk finances impermanent loss protection
bridging as a service fair token
distribution
the types of contracts elk finance
deploys
the research process when adding new
chains
using nfts to access cross-chain proxy
token services and much more
just a reminder nothing said on this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens that nothing should be taken
as financial advice and that the host or
guests may hold tokens discussed in any
given episode with that said i really
enjoyed chatting with shiloh and i hope
you enjoy the conversation too
[Music]
it's pretty much an honor to have you
come join the smart economy podcast
today well no it's great to be here i
appreciate the invite and we're always
looking to like you know reach out and
chat with whoever we can honestly yeah
i've uh been enjoying uh digging around
your social medias looking at your tick
tocks other outreach oh yeah you saw the
tick tocks yeah all right
it's been pretty fun to watch i get a
little bit excited when people are
passionate about sharing their projects
and you guys are doing some really
innovative kind of
media outreach is this something that
you're just doing as kind of a hobby or
you know combining two passions yeah you
know kind of like i guess i i didn't
have tick tock i barely have any social
media so i'm learning as we go we have
our own marketing team but the tick tock
was just another thing we couldn't do i
went to an nft conference in banff nft
gathering and they were talking about
how important tick tock is and i'm like
well
okay
you know you want me to have the
spotlight i guess i can do that you know
yeah i remember listening to a bunch of
podcasts from a few years ago deep in
the bear mark at the last bear market
and everybody was saying basically if
you're not figuring out tick tock right
now you're going to be a social media
boomer in a couple years right and i
think we're kind of getting there we are
getting there i think it's true it's a
lot of fun actually it's more fun than i
thought it would be yeah the one where
you guys had the elk finance sticker on
the back of the car and you guys did
like uh it looked like some b-roll
footage of jumping into the car was
hilarious
it was super b-roll and awesome it was a
lot of fun
so you're from canada correct i am yeah
i'm from calgary alberta awesome well
congratulations on the win last night
against dallas oh yeah the flames yeah
that was a close one it was a good game
yeah i very rarely watch hockey but got
to be very excited by the overtime win
and the first time your team is going to
the playoffs in like five or six years
so yeah it was a close one there was
some wonderings awesome yeah now before
we kind of get into this most of my
canadian vernacular comes from letter
kenny oh yeah and i'm wondering how
realistic is that show or how overblown
is it you know i know it's media but
yeah it's humorous it's overblown but
where i grew up i grew up in southeast
saskatchewan and uh it especially that
same kind of accent came out when people
were talking about something they did
that was particularly rebellious
like oh yeah he just like got right in
there right he threw like a punch and it
was like super fast and body couldn't do
anything you know and it was all kind of
kind of like that awesome yeah that's uh
the closest i have to our brothers from
the north to understanding kind of from
television and media you know what
portrayal is like for canadian life and
it seems a bit uh
more small town oriented so i'm sure
that there's a lot of nuances that you
get between
towns and cities and across the country
yeah yeah cool so
i'm really excited to have you on the
smart economy podcast we used to be
neo-focused but we have since expanded
to become protocol agnostic and the
series we're focusing on defy
so
elk is doing some really awesome
cross-chain
collaborative connective
liquidity pools farming
yielding you know multi-standard elk
coin all sorts of things going on but
maybe just from
your perspective can you just like share
with the smart economy podcast audience
what elk finances
yeah
so elk finance is really a value
transfer protocol and that's like a lot
of big words um and we love that in d5
you know using these these technical
terms but really just a way to move your
uh assets around within d5 without using
a centralized exchange so for that we
have uh something called the elknet
and you can find it on a tab at
app.elk.finance
and so basically for those in the
podcast who may not be aware a bunch of
currencies have their
own blockchain like you know avalanche
ethereum phantom you know polygon etc
and of course not all coins have their
own blockchain but uh some do and we
allow the movement of value between them
you can transfer as fast uh as seven
seconds so kind of uh a bridge is the
simplest terms but we work in a little
bit of a different way
so
really
it's kind of about uh connecting all of
d5 together so
the product like i mentioned is called
elknet so how i picture it is um it's
kind of the central hub of a wagon wheel
right if you picture that and you see
all those spokes going out and pretend
each spoke would connect to a blockchain
and for right now you can send elk from
any of those blockchains
to a reservoir contract so a pool on
each chain
and then basically elknet picks that up
it says hey
this user wants to transfer and it looks
for the fact that that transaction has
gone through
and then it waits for finality which is
you know a whole thing with with
blockchains and making sure multiple
sources agree with that and then
releases the funds from a different pool
on the destination chain which is you
know we call the reservoir and it
releases it to the user's wallet
basically in simple terms is kind of how
it uh how it works so you can instantly
move between all these chains without uh
you know having to go anywhere yeah
that's super cool and i definitely want
to dig more into elk net a little bit
later
i gotta ask now so is elknet its own
blockchain are
you operating kind of like on an evm
standard or what what is like the
architecture of elk net beyond the hub
and spoke model you were just talking
about yeah yeah so that's an interesting
question right now elk net operates you
know outside of a blockchain so right
now it's centralized but we're making it
completely decentralized with actually
folks being able to run elk net nodes so
it would use similar architecture to uh
like go and other implementations of
blockchains but it's absolutely not yet
a blockchain actually uh really it's
more of an oracle
so you know it can get data from all of
the blockchains in a secure way uh we
have a lot of our own rpcs nodes we rent
some and we use the the main ones as
well and so we have all these multiple
sources so
the great thing about elknet
is it doesn't care what language
or if they're evm or not the chain that
it's interacting with it doesn't care it
just needs confirmations yes or no and
can be implemented anywhere right now
we're only on evms but leaving the
possibility of non-ibms as well so you
may or may not be familiar with neo but
neo kind of launched in 2015 mainnet
2016 and then it's iteratively
been slowly decentralizing over time
yeah so you know a lot of staunch
blockchain and distributed
network individuals might say
decentralization first but i can kind of
understand and appreciate the nuances to
slowly decentralizing over time so now
that we have kind of just like a basic
overview and a small like technological
understanding under the hood of what elk
finance is how did you end up working in
the blockchain space
it just doesn't seem to me that
creating like a bridging as a service
platform is something that somebody
brand new to blockchain and crypto lands
on so what's kind of been your journey
maybe through the developer space and
then into blockchain yeah so for me i'm
i'm like the developer small d maybe
just dev i do like the smallest little
things our founder uh ball who is
currently anonymous but of course after
we incorporate definitely won't be but
he's got a phd in distributed systems so
he's been thinking about this for longer
than i've been in the space so for him
and uh you know it was clear in 2016
when things were emerging that there was
going to be multiple chains and you know
they were all going to be competing and
the thing about defy is it's always
grasping on the new tech what's new
what's on the edge and people weren't
just gonna settle for one chain because
that's not the spirit we want as many
options as possible so you know we
wanted a way to kind of take them all
and have them communicate and transfer
value between all of them so you know
realizing that they are going to have
scalability problems why not have an
intermediary solution that kind of
solves those that isn't centralized so
you know it kind of led to the
development of elk and that idea and
it's funny when we started in march 2021
uh a lot of folks are like what are you
talking about there's like so few
blockchains this is gonna matter but
then boom we've seen all these
blockchains and all these you know
multi-chain is the future right and uh
there's not gonna be one chain to rule
them all the people are always gonna
wanna move so why not have something
that can launch on any chain that allows
you to kind of move between them is this
your first blockchain project you're
working on for me actually i was in a
couple smaller ones before elk you know
some really you know i don't know if i'm
allowed to curse but
certain points that are less than
reputable and boom and then bossed
immediately
yeah
so you you've had the uh pleasure of
learning uh gaining experience the hard
way that's right yeah and then uh when i
got uh on the elk team you know it's
it's really something useful and that i
was instantly uh you know drank the
punch so
yeah it's funny because there's so many
projects blockchain and crypto and it's
so hard to kind of hear about them but
when
psy from saffron pulled my ear and
pointed out elk finance and i started
digging around it was pretty exciting
because you guys are working on really
interesting and innovative stuff
so maybe we can start easing into that
and i guess i want to hear from your
perspective
what separates elk finance i'm just
gonna broadly classify you guys as like
a swapping aggregator yeah so like what
separates your platform from what other
projects are working on that do similar
services sure so i mean the biggest one
i've got to start with is is elk net in
general uh just the way it's designed
you look at some certain exploits that
have happened you know billions of
dollars of exploits on bridges the elk
connect solves that problem for the most
part and even during a 1 51 attack
there's some measures in place to make
sure that doesn't happen so it even
happened under normal circumstances a
while ago uh with a blockchain where
multiple rpcs were down and there was
only one alternate actually wouldn't
authorize the transaction just in case
there was a 51 attack on that chain of
course there wasn't but you know it's
got those protections in place so i
think elknet as the intermediary a lot
of bridges don't have that central hub
they've got a bridge between two or a
few chains and
what happens is you know you've got the
same bridge contract it's maybe just a
couple contracts and if you can exploit
one you can exploit them all because
they're they're the same and they're
deployed that way and whereas alternates
a little bit more versatile so i'd say
that's the biggest thing nothing like
elknet exactly like net exists because
it's not forked from anything it's pure
organic farm fresh original code
yeah that's awesome so what are kind of
the languages that your development team
uses to build elknet is it all front-end
kind of react right now because
you're managing essentially an oracle or
what does like the developer experience
look like for your team so i don't do
any of the development for elk net
itself you know what i actually don't
even know what language it's written yet
because like my coding knowledge is
basically like knowing the alphabet in
terms of the english language like i'm
like that far behind yeah i've been
writing in the cryptocurrency in
blockchain space since january 2018 and
i don't know how to code at all so
yeah i feel like i'm among cures right
now yeah yeah for sure
so as to what language that's something
i can totally find out yeah i also like
to kind of get the high level for these
podcasts because i want to be able to
like introduce each episode to my mom
who knows nothing about cryptocurrency
so yeah given that you're
connecting so many chains i guess what's
the definition of defy from your
perspective just like if you were to
give an elevator pitch to somebody who's
never heard of it before how would you
describe it yeah so decentralized
finance is
picture it
like having your money in a bank versus
having your money cash money in your
wallet
and it's very similar there's there's a
a wallet you have
that's directly on the blockchain that
you own and only you can control as long
as you don't share your password whereas
a centralized exchanges is kind of like
a bank you've got your money there they
can maybe take out loans against it and
make some interest while you're not
making much of anything where defy lets
you control your money and without a
financial advisor which can be dangerous
you know you can go to different
platforms gain some interest you can
stake put your tokens in a pool and gain
different tokens and you can do farming
which is lending your uh tokens so
people can borrow and swap between them
like a co-op you know so that you can
earn some fees that way of course it's
dangerous because you've got to know
what to look for in terms of scams tons
out there it's wild west right now but
it's kind of a way to make your own
financial decisions with your own money
yeah
we are on the heels of the tara
ecosystem implosion
and i think nothing really highlights
better
that anything you put in could and might
go to zero so we we also have a
disclaimer at the beginning of the show
that nothing said here is financial
advice yeah
yeah i am not a financial advisor
so granted that a lot of the 19 chains
that elk finance currently supports
seemingly are evm
luna didn't necessarily
impact your platform per se but what
does an event like that that cascades
across the whole blockchain industry how
does something like that impact the work
that you guys are doing well i mean i
think it's impossible to be independent
from the entire defy market so like
something that affects a project so big
like luna is gonna you know obviously
affect the trust in decentralized
finance that people have and especially
institutional investment it starts to
get scared so you know our our price
dropped too we saw you know a lot of uh
chat's been a little bit quieter people
dropping off just because of that
happening and talking to some poor folks
who had some ust or luna and just like
oh my gosh like
uh it's just really sad and you know a
lot of folks will sit there and point
you know you got to do your own research
but
sure that's a blanket statement it's a
skill building process and we all have
to rely on some sources and what do we
trust versus others and a lot of this
stuff was known you know about luna so i
hesitated to even call it a black swan
event yeah that's fair so
does that kind of
impact the direction that you guys were
moving or did you already have this kind
of
education first or protect our user at
all costs possible philosophy being put
into the work that you guys do day in
and day out
yeah i mean i think our really a focus
here is interacting with our community
and education first we have you know i i
have the elk finance podcast which is
just about crypto for anyone we've got
the elk academy articles that are uh
really awesome we're constantly teaching
users in our chat about what something
is answering you know similar questions
and really i figure it's it's not only
beneficial for for every community
member of d5 to know
what kind of things are going on and no
terms and know how to do things if your
project is investing in education um
you're going to have holders who
understand not only your protocol
but are more knowledgeable in general so
they're more likely to make better
decisions which actually will positively
impact your project so i think education
first has been you know a cornerstone
for us since we started yeah that's uh
philosophy we've had covering neo and
now going into more protocol agnostic
approach always you know objective
non-sensational
you know facts and fact-based approach
so
what is the
user base of elk like you know when i
saw it everything clicked but i've also
been a defy user since 2020. um i've
been in the blockchain space since 2017
so i guess you could call me crypto
native i'm wondering if like uh
my friends who are buying their first
ledger and maybe using uniswap for the
first time are they gonna be i guess
educated enough or
savvy enough to understand what elk
finance offers or what are you seeing
are the type of users that your platform
is attracting yeah we hope so and we see
a lot of those new folks coming in maybe
not so much right now but uh you know
our decks looks a little different and i
think it's easy to get the hang of we
have the articles we have the
information out there we have the videos
about how to do and tutorials but i
think we can always do it better but i
think anyone can pretty easily get the
hang of elk any you know person i've
introduced to elk uh has kind of gotten
the hang of it for the most part if
they're relatively tech savvy you know
they can kind of understand what they're
doing
but i think we can always improve on
that too yeah the ui is pretty sweet for
the platform you can see where you stake
where you can lp the option to move elk
from one chain to the next is
really cool
and that means that there's going to be
19 different elks right now because
there are 19 different blockchains you
support so
it sounds like interoperability is a
huge focus for the platform so
what is kind of your team's vision of
interoperability and
how do you strive
to really incorporate that into all
facets of the d5 platform sure that's a
great question like tokenomically which
is a word that i'm just going to make up
i think we designed what else the elp
token would look like in terms of max
supply right we've got a 42 million elk
token max supply that we can use to
operate between all of the chains
and so there's only ever going to be
that max supply circulating ever and
right now we've got um
let's click here and find out yeah our
supply is like 7.9 million elk at time
of recording so we're only just a little
bit over 15 20 there i guess 20 there
so that's part of it is is having the
elk to do it the token and
interoperability uh meaning that elpnet
really helps with that because we can
create a contract and a token anywhere
you can create a token we can have elk
and elknet would really regulate the max
supply along with their reservoirs and
elknet is the center for the
interoperability it can you can
communicate with anything it doesn't
care
and our view is we want to be on every
blockchain that people want to be on and
maybe even some that people don't
so each time you guys add a new
blockchain to elknet
you're essentially minting the 42
million supply on each network
so
how does
alknet kind of
manage the ledger of ledgers so like
each time you add a new supply you're
probably going to have like one percent
on this chain two percent on that chain
what's the sort of process that goes
into managing all that so that we don't
run into like any double spend issues or
you know minting the same amount of
tokens on a new chain yeah that's a
really good question so we have a few of
those features built right into elknet
as well as our contract setup so i
oversimplified it a little bit when i
was explaining but that part about
elknet looking for multiple
confirmations from multiple sources
multiple rpcs to ensure that the
transactions final can't be reversed and
it's not a 51 attack are taken into
account before the elk is released to
the user's wallet that's one piece
and as we decentralize we'll have
multiple users you know also confirming
the transactions for a small fee that
also ensure from multiple sources that
they all agree
now the second factor
really is the reservoir contract so
technically we actually have both a
reservoir contract and a bridge contract
on each of the chains
so that also prevents a double spend so
essentially elk is unlocked from the
reservoir
sent to the bridging contract or is the
other way around anyway and the the elk
is sent to the user's wallet so it's
actually filtered through both smart
contracts the reservoir and the bridge
contract to ensure that each transaction
has been final and agrees with elk net
as well so that eliminates the double
spend if we had a single contract that
could be more of a risk but since we
have the reservoir and the bridging
contract that eliminates that
possibility so does the bridging
contract essentially just tell
elknet centralized entity
x amount of tokens are live on this
network right now yeah it kind of reads
from both of those contracts to know
that that's happened and it's only been
executed once yeah that's super cool
i've never heard of the reservoir system
that you're talking about it makes a lot
of sense yeah and it's actually sounds
like one of those things where the
beauty is in its simplicity and that was
it right it's more secure just because
it's easier to keep track of yeah it's
exactly why like bitcoin maxis are
so staunch in how long it takes to
upgrade anything on bitcoin it just
takes so long that everything's gonna be
so simple right that's why there's no
like smart contract functionality or
anything like that because
the network just wants to be as simple
as possible you know to maintain the 21
million bitcoin meme absolutely so how
does elk get released into the wild then
you're saying right now
that about 7 million of the 42 million
supply have been created so is this like
a kind of fair release schedule where
the elk is released as
rewards to liquidity providers into
single side stakers yes exactly so
primarily we release a bunch of elk year
by year through farming so fair farming
we have different farms on our decks at
app.finance
with some pretty decent apr now that you
know people have lost interest in d5
it's still sustainable it's not like you
know a thousand percent or anything like
that so anyone providing liquidity can
put that lp tokens they gain from doing
that and put that in the farms and kind
of earn some elf that way
we also have a fund for impermanent loss
protection which is equally sized to our
farming so
basically any and permanent loss which
occurs when two assets provided in a
liquidity pool start to differ in value
and uh you would have more tokens had
you held them both for example uh
impermanent loss is uh paid in elk to
our farmers who also kind of receive
that amount in elk of what they would
have lost out on compared to holding so
that gets some of them out we have our
community fund which our upcoming
governance will be able to make
decisions on uh where we emit we have
elk labs which uh we are hopefully going
to be incorporating quite soon which is
kind of a reserve fund for uh the
continued development of elk uh which
will kind of promote the uh initial
valuation of the the company which is
not elk itself which is the development
arm of elk
so we have those released yeah of course
we have giveaways and things like that
and a bunch has already been given out
for our air drops for our moose holders
which was uh our nft that we
used to pay back uh 100 in elk as a
reward for our early investors um which
of course we're no longer paying back
with the the newest uh movements so
yeah we have a variety of ways to kind
of get it out in the ecosystem even
holding competitions such as elk season
where people just post funny memes and
have fun competitions together and they
can earn it that way so we're trying to
get it out into as many sectors as
possible in a fair way so it's not
centralized yeah elk and thor chain are
really the only two projects i've i've
heard kind of address the impermanent
loss protection
so that also really kind of like perked
my ears when i was digging into elk so
is that ilp the impermanent loss
protection fund is that from like
pre-mined elk or
are portions of every time elk is
released through lps does a portion of
that go into the ilp as well so for ilp
it's purely pre-allocated so there's an
equal amount allocated as there is to
farming which changes each year that elk
is out at it
so you know you get coverage up to
how much you've earned in the pool the
whole time and if you stay in for 42
days which is our you know our full
farming round
you get 100 covered you get 2.5 coverage
a day up to a maximum of what you've
earned each day basically in the pool
yeah so how did um let me just try and
explain make sure i i understood it
properly if i provide liquidity into an
elk and x token lp
i do not receive 100
and permanent loss protection unless
i have been in that pool for 42 or more
days
and i have not added any new assets so
it gets complicated you can add new
assets but you will only get 100 percent
coverage on the initial you've added so
let's say i added you know a bunch of lp
day one but then i added a bit more day
two uh you'll get a hundred percent
coverage on the first one after 42 days
and then the rest the day after gotcha
so it kind of
it becomes cumulative over time but it
doesn't reset my first
provision of lp correct
yeah that's awesome so are these the
sort of like metrics that you're
envisioning the governance process will
have a role in defining moving forward
where users might say i want to increase
the days or decrease the days or
what are some of the
expected proposals you guys are
envisioning putting forth to the
community when the governance module is
live yeah so things like that are great
if somebody wants to make proposals to
change the amount of you know ilp dates
if we want to launch on a new blockchain
is this the one you know what about this
or that we don't want to have to put
everything through a governance vote and
that's part of the purpose of elk labs
is a the development arm where we can
make kind of quick and more flexible
decisions while involving community in
in the other ones so we can kind of
maintain that difference so we're not
just stagnating yeah and i know that you
have hammered the table that you're not
a developer if you are your developer
small d not the capital d but one of the
things that initially attracted me and
got me psyched on neo back in the day
was its finality 17 second block times
100 finality whereas bitcoin has a 10
minute finality in ethereum has around
three minutes and then of course you
started seeing these eath killers as
they arose and they started having
quicker and quicker and more and more
instant finality so
what does that really mean to you as a
project like what makes or breaks what
blockchain you're going to integrate
into the platform how does finality
really have an impact on these decisions
and what kind of consideration go into a
blockchain's ability to achieve finality
yeah that's a good question i think
security first and foremost is like our
biggest value because if you're not safe
you're not trusted if you're not trusted
you're nothing so we we try to put as
much research into that as possible and
there's been difficult situations with
various chains you know having having
kind of concerns with finality but i
think as long as consensus can be
reached in a reasonable amount of time
then we're game to do that and if that
chain has shown a positive track record
of being able to do that without any you
know major red flags then you know we're
generally good to launch there so we
have to make sure you know look at the
chain's history look at how they're laid
out you know check the explorers as
they're missing transactions is there
you know what what's happening with that
and as long as there's nothing severely
posed to break confidence you know be
open to going there of course yeah and i
know you guys are currently expanding
into having a labs branch which is
probably going to have more of a
research core
but you know the team is probably still
small and expanding and block chains
i mean i've been covering neo since 2018
and i'm constantly
being corrected by my peers on things
that i get wrong so oh yeah what does
like the research process look like for
the chains that your team looks into and
at what point do you you guys say
we have a good enough understanding
let's pull the trigger and migrate elk
and l contract to this chain and add it
to our platform yeah so we've got a lot
of different things like if they're
already a big chain then we might just
want to launch there because there's
desire to do that and of course that
makes the research a lot easier but we
look for specific things uh do they you
know support a subgraph for our
analytics
which will be until later you know the
way we calculate permanent loss
protection in our upcoming smart
contracts actually it's built right in
so we won't need the analytics
necessarily but also nice to have to
look at we look at certain security
protections like
i don't even know what they're called
like you know those eip
standards like with evm chains is that
integrated can this function be done our
developers will look at okay what are
the functions we need this one and this
one it definitely has to do this
is it secure and so we're looking at all
these different metrics we have these
huge spreadsheets with uh
almost every recognizable chain and
someone run on a lot of unrecognizable
ones where they need to meet these
certain requirements and we go through
and we check them one by one and we make
sure that we can do these things and
that it's secure enough and then of
course we look at grants do they have a
grant opportunity that's great because
it allows us to uh you know because we
have to pay the folks that are helping
so can we do that until now most or well
even now all of our grants actually go
back to the community uh when we do that
we do liquidity mining incentives and
stuff so we're kind of constantly
pushing that back to our users very cool
i'm just going to go on a limb and
assume that as it is a d5 project the
team is decentralized as well yeah
so how did you guys get together how do
you collaborate who are your developers
do you have a core team or
do you kind of look for like
ronins you know samurais without a house
on different networks who will maybe
fulfill a bounty what does the process
look like for your development team and
do you have like a core are you guys
always looking for like freelancers uh
we generally look for core folks we have
like a team about like seven developers
we're infrastructure heavy we're an
infrastructure project so we're always
looking for more we have folks in we
have a business development team we have
a marketing team and uh you know we all
kind of
many different hats so we all do a lot
of different things uh initially i
wasn't even part of the core team i
actually joined a couple months after
elk started i was there when it started
i got the air drop that's how they
sucked me in
but
i started in uh you know month and a
half after they launched
so
yeah we have folks in in switzerland
we've got people in the us a couple of
us in canada and all over europe as well
so it's kind of neat we are pretty
decentralized this is your what 17th
16th month in operation has
elk had like a
elk summit yet or
an opportunity to get together in person
we did a bunch of us got together at the
avalanche summit in barcelona in march
and let me tell you that was one of the
most incredible experiences of my entire
life despite getting kovid it was really
awesome it was like the fanciest thing
i've ever been to and hats off to
avalanche for that it was just like the
thing that you imagine really wealthy
people do that i would never get to do
like people coming around with trays of
fancy food and free drinks and there's a
formula one car in the thing and there's
these booths and free coffee and like
everyone wants to talk to you and
there's these millionaire vcs being like
what can you offer me
uh and it was really incredible yeah did
you um i have to laugh i've gotten
covered twice and both times was from
the ethereum denver conference here in
november yeah
so the eighth crowd got me sick twice
but it was worth it i'd go back a third
time totally uh so when you guys were
all there you know you get to go to the
summit you're representing elk did you
guys have like a chance to like break
off for a day or two and just kind of
like have your head down in person
because
increasingly in
blockchain and distributed networks
space
there's only a handful of days that you
actually work side by side with your
peers sure so did you guys have a chance
to like brainstorm and just like have a
day heads down yeah we had uh some
meetings like all in person which is
funny because we actually couldn't stop
laughing and we're supposed to be
serious in these like collaborative
meetings not all the team was there so
there's like half of us you know and
we're like
you know you know one of our marketing
guys wearing like four hats and
everyone's laughing at him but we're
trying to like do these things so we
ended up coming together really well as
a team in person we just kind of slipped
together and it was awesome we got to
come up with some really good ideas even
just how we functioned at the summit i
was like all right i'm gonna go talk to
these people you talk to these people we
go over here oh snake we need you you
know to come over here and and talk to
these guys because you have this piece
and like oh can you make sure you talk
to these guys and coordinating was just
uh awesome it was very good and very
cool team building and definitely
brought us closer as a team yeah and um
i wouldn't go ahead and say that elk is
unknown but i also wouldn't say that it
has like pancake swap volume
but you know there's a couple hundred
thousand in tvl it was closer to half a
million when the markets were up but how
are you
kind of perceiving
your uh reception i guess from the
industry
um like when people run into your
project are you seeing that they have an
idea of who you are is it easy for them
to grasp the service that you're
offering
are you noticing that people are more
and more recognizing the the name
recognition
uh what is kind of that been like as
time has gone on it's been pretty good
projects are really usually quite
willing to collaborate with us and at
the avalanche conference for example the
summit a lot of folks recognized you
know elk and it's like hey the elk guys
and that was really cool a couple people
even recognize me from a video which
it's like this is the first time
anyone's ever recognized me without
seeing me before so i it was like the
smallest little like boost but you know
we're all about collaboration with other
projects we don't want to necessarily
compete and we know there's room for
more than one
and uh yeah so it's been good i think
just being able to connect with whoever
talking to vcs at the conference
everyone was interested in what we were
doing how it works and uh you know how
we could do something going forward and
i think everyone kind of understands the
value and the proprietary technology at
least in blockchain so i'd say the
reception's pretty good you know what it
is always tricky getting things straight
being on 19 chains for example like if
you check coin gecko they don't even
necessarily have our total tdl because
they're only tracking a few of our
chains so you'll see that 500 000 on
there but you know there's actually like
a couple million locked or a few million
lots you know so little things like that
make it more difficult because the cool
thing is we can spotlight one blockchain
so we can attract users to wherever
which is pretty cool so we kind of want
to be that hub of defy and i guess one
of the things that we haven't done
really is have any vc funding we've been
completely community driven and that's
by choice and design we see a lot of
this vaporware out there where they've
got a bunch of easy investments all over
their website and most of the time
delivers something that you know is
subpar and has lots of bugs or option
two nothing comes out at all and we
really wanted to build the project first
and then get the investors second but
not even in like an over the you know
over the counter token trade or anything
like that no otc trade because you know
we see that pcs kind of
may sometimes put downwards pressure on
the token after there is a boom so we
didn't want to put our investors our
community at risk that way so that's why
we're waiting until the incorporation of
elk labs to seek funding for the company
and the services we're going to offer as
well instead of an over-the-counter
token trip which can be risky yeah i
have to laugh again um i remember the
first time i saw one of my articles on
our cryptocurrency
uh and i was just like i have made it
and so it felt really good to be able to
be recognized like that like you were at
the avalanche summit which also by the
way just sounded like an amazing event
to go and be a part of uh it sounds like
avalanche just like smashed it out of
the park with that one oh yeah so is
this
decision to be community sprung and
community built from the ground up
until elk labs is incorporated
uh was this like a conscious decision or
was like the first vc offer just kind of
like whoa we don't like what the impacts
could be
we're going to hold off on this or was
that kind of like something that elk has
kind of started from the ground up we're
not going to take any vc collaboration
or funding or partners until we have
made it to x point yeah i think that's
always been in the ethos maybe not
clearly defined but everyone kind of
knew it's like yeah no we're not going
to do this and you know especially made
clear as we first started having those
meetings it's like you know i don't feel
comfortable in this way like doing that
and putting people at risk we're going
to go the moral
kind of route in what we believe maybe
not objectively moral but to the best of
our ability and kind of try to make
those decisions that are going to long
term not uh hurt the holders because
that's how you build a following and you
know of course we want to succeed and
we're putting all our effort in and even
during the bear market we're building
but if it comes between you know putting
our holders at severe risk and making a
buck or you know making the safest moral
kind of decision we're going to take the
moral kind of ethical direction as best
as possible even if it you know it can
be
uh maybe it was going to be really
profitable but deepa has enough risk
yeah
totally so
where
will elk labs be incorporating because i
know for
a lot of projects in the states there's
regulatory concern right now
i know that canada hasn't necessarily
been the most
forward-looking with crypto projects
right if you locate in a caribbean
islands you look kind of shady so where
will uh elk clubs be incorporating and
what was like the decision process into
finding a geographic location to you
know stamp the flag into yeah well we're
looking at switzerland
and a big part of that is to do some of
the the regulations on utility tokens
which elk is you know being tax free
things like that in certain
jurisdictions uh our founders from there
so we knew it really well uh we kind of
had that intent from the start being
that it was a natural fit so we're
hoping to have it there yeah so elk
lives on 19 different chains but from my
just like cursory glance and and just
playing around a little bit there aren't
uh liquidity pulls on each chain or am i
yeah there are actually yeah there's a
varying amounts like our smaller chains
like hiko for example uh hobby eco chain
has a smaller pool because there's not
as much activity there but you can use
our decks and switch to any of those
chains and check out the different farms
on each of the chains so
is elk
similar to
thor chain's rune in that
for each chain that's supported there's
going to be an elk and then that native
token liquidity pool on that chain yeah
those are our biggest pools on each
chain is the native elk and a native
native token and elk and we also have
stable coin pools that make a a portion
of that we actually have cross chain
aggregation coming out soon which is
going to be built into our decks so
basically you don't have to use elk net
trade for elk first uh you could just
swap avalanche for you know bnb on the b
b chain avalanche on avalanche chain you
know and uh of course those are our
biggest pools so we always recommend
people swap through the native token elk
pool when possible awesome and i noticed
uh like a term that that kind of popped
up with elk is bridging as a service so
yeah is that kind of
like the philosophy and kind of where
elk is going to be moving so that you
know users might not even be
using the elk token but maybe there's an
api that allows for transactions to
route through elks connections exactly
so bridging as a service the big part of
that is one of our you know biggest kind
of missions even so maybe our biggest
mission right definitely
so basically we're going to have proxy
tokens so we're going to have a software
development kit an sdk
that allows developers if they have a
moose and meet certain requirements uh
which is our nft
they can basically make their token
cross chain and be able to access all of
the chains that we're on provided they
meet certain requirements and it'll be
kind of an open source way for them to
immediately create a token on their
other uh and another chain and they can
do it in a couple ways they can create a
reservoir system just like us using the
sdk they've got to store some on one
chain so it can get back and forth or
they can do a mint and burn where it
would burn tokens on one chain and mint
on the other which is a little slower a
little more expensive but may work
better for some projects and we'll have
you know a kit that allows them to
design these things and we actually
don't know necessarily all of the uses
that will come out of the sdk and
bridging as a service but um they can
have elk net running in the background
you know on their site don't even have
to reference it you know it'd be nice if
they did but it will collect a small fee
in elk
to you know for each transaction of a
proxy token so that other projects all
they have to do is create a liquidity
pool and they're done there's nothing
that has to go into that and audits will
be you know it'll be similar contracts
on different chains so if they're
pre-audited it can be forked from that
and secure so it's saving projects a lot
of cost in deploying on multiple chains
yeah and will portions of those fees
that you just mentioned will portions of
that elk go back to elk labs validators
validators okay yeah
validators community and also a bit will
be burned awesome
so you're building sdks you're creating
uh flywheel effects to continue funding
the ecosystem and you also have
mentioned a few times the the moose nfts
now i'll be honest i didn't dig too far
deep into this but it sounds like
there's a lot of functionality that's
baked in to give support back to the
community and of course you also it
sounds like refunded uh initial moose
nft purchasers but they probably didn't
know they were gonna get refunded
so what are some of the other unique
ways that the moose nfts are engaging
your early core contributors and
community members and what are maybe
some other innovative features you guys
have on the roadmap for those nfts yeah
so the basic function is like a ticket
to create the proxy token right so
that's that's one of the biggest
features of the moose it's utility token
uh nft
that uh also if you own it on one chain
all of your farms on that chain gain
impermanent loss protection twice as
fast so you get a 100 coverage in 21
days versus 42. so an example of you
know kind of utility so that's one of
the things that kind of continues to be
a function so
even our last uh you know when we
launched on arbetrom a few weeks ago we
just distributed our airdrops to uh the
mooseholders and everyone who had a
moose got 4.2 elk worth
for each chain that they have a moose on
depending on rarity so you know being
that we've sold like nearly 600 moose
some people got some pretty decent
returns on top of that which eventually
we'll have to phase that out because
you've got so many chains and that math
isn't going to work anymore uh it's
going to go exponential which we've
obviously um you know let our users know
but the capabilities for moose will
allow some flexibility in in the sdk and
kind of those abilities to go do that
bridging as a service and as for the
future of them
it may be a mechanism to burn elk to get
new moose we might uh you know kind of
have it go a different way so but i
don't want to shoot any spoilers out
am i correct in understanding that moose
will offer developers unique incentives
as well as just like a retail
holder general defy user yeah so the the
with the developer it's actually
developer specific really because that
unlocks the ability to create the proxy
token they're the gateway the key for
such a thing and the great part about it
for regular users is maybe being able to
rent out your mouse using a smart
contract to a developer and which you
could kind of get a regular sum for that
or what not and and they also serve as a
security measure you know because if we
have it staked for a proxy token let's
say something went wrong and they maybe
they messed something up or or a chain
went awry they can pull that moose and
then shut down the function of that
proxy token in an emergency
awesome that's
really innovative and unique and i
hadn't thought of
i've always been trying to think of
different ways to use nfts and to
provide different utility utility and
developer-based services and then also
just the general benefits that your
retail user gets is
is a really unique and innovative idea
are the moose nfts cross chain as well
so not currently it may be that
something goes that direction but uh
currently they're only on the chain
they're on okay but um some things are
being explored we'll see we'll leave it
at that and i'm just assuming that
they're probably on like your polygons
your binance smart chains your ethereums
yeah so we haven't done one on ethereum
yet but we've launched them on avalanche
polygon phantom
uh heco
gnosis and binance awesome yeah those
are all the ones very cool and um
we've just kind of like rallied through
my questions and
this has
been a super an awesome informative
discussion
what are kind of
like the next steps for
what elk is planning to do
what other chains are you looking at
integrating what can
the listener be excited about to keep
their ears open for the next couple
months or for the rest of the year yeah
yeah so like uh big ones will be yeah
chain launch announcements uh when we
decide to do that uh look out for uh
liquidity mining incentives partnerships
so we're always partnering with other
projects and we with our farms can
reward both elk and something else um we
might have some kind of new features
coming with our dap you know there's
farming they're staking and we're
looking into herd pools which are kind
of like syrup pools in a way where you'd
stake elk for another token uh we're
kind of looking at that
no matter what bear market or not we're
still here building because as cliche it
is as it is of course we're in it for
the tech and this is this idea has been
there for for a long time so we want to
be ready for the next bull market
regardless of what happens so i think
like checking our twitter being prepared
we're like we've got lots of contests
going on right now if you follow our
tick tock uh if you you look at our
twitter at elk underscore finance you
can just enter for a hundred elk draw
for a follower of our tick tock you know
we just we're trying to get a thousand
followers so things like that we've got
competition in our discord right now a
little mean competition people can
participate and get rewarded and be
first second third and get a little bit
of elk for participating and making
memes which is fun but yeah always
getting ready for uh
for projects participating in an alpha
launch of our sdk to in order to bridge
uh proxy tokens and getting started with
that in the next few months will be
really cool so
not to mention later this year our swiss
franc stable coin chft is something
we're we're developing and that's going
to be an over collateralized uh stable
coin that can be sent cross chain just
like elk
so lots of exciting features to stay
tuned for as well as government yeah
well i mean you know governance also
opens up a whole new can of worms that
are super interesting did you guys opt
to go for the over collateralized method
in light of recent events or was that
something that was on the roadmap for a
while yeah it's always been the plan is
the over collateralization and better to
launch something like that during the
bear market when collateral is low
anyway
so yeah you know of course there's
lessons we can learn from ust and we're
going to take those for sure but i mean
we didn't have that algorithmic approach
from the beginning it was always over
collateralization of various blue chip
assets relying heavily of course on you
know pre-existing stable coins that are
you know more legitimate awesome and um
i guess kind of one of my final
questions is when you're looking at
adding support for a new chain are you
also examining the
automated market makers or other d5
platforms on those chains so that maybe
elk can get listed on those d5 platforms
and vice versa yeah we're always talking
to those projects and we often
collaborate with um dexas on i think on
every chain we're on and we kind of look
for those partnerships because elk isn't
necessarily competitor it actually
doesn't matter where the highest
liquidity of elk is you know we're going
to have an aggregator at some point in
the next few months that will just swap
where the most liquidity is and if
that's elk decks great if it's not el
dex that's cool too you know we've
collaborated with trader joe back in the
day where there was lots more elk on
trader joe than there was on our own
platform on avalanche and that was just
fine
and so you know totally shiloh what uh
awesome conversation just throwing
questions at you and having responses
right away it was
really engaging interactive awesome to
chat with you
where can listeners of the smart economy
podcast
hear more about elk finance and hear
more about shiloh yeah yeah sure you can
uh you know check out our docs always do
your own research that's
docs.elk.finance
that's a big one check things out our
social media links are all there under
social media and education uh we got our
tick tock that's uh at elk.finance we've
got
our twitter elk underscore finance we've
got our telegram group that's elk
underscore finance underscore chat and
we've got
our discord you can look for elk finance
there as well in our in our docs
and
yeah i think
those are most of the things we've got
our medium you know you can search for
us on medium elk finance better elk
academy all those resources so variety
ways to get a hold of us reddit anything
awesome and last question
granted that this is the smart economy
podcast and that is a broad
concept what does the smart economy mean
to you uh the smart economy means a
bunch of investors that are
educated enough to make the best
decision with the information at the
time so smart economy to me
kind of encapsulates what the best parts
of device everybody able to kind of
know somebody who knows the thing or
able to grab the resources and have them
readily available themselves to make the
best decision that they can regarding
any initial investment great answer to
end a great interview thank you so much
for taking the time to come chat with us
it was a pleasure to meet you to chat
with you and to hear anything and
everything about elk finance well thanks
dylan it was a pleasure to be here and
uh yeah i look forward to listening to
this later sweet cheers
well what did you think of that
conversation
it was really interesting to learn about
the moose nfts that live on multiple
chains
and the varying functionality they'll
have for developers to integrate proxy
tokens into their contracts
and the benefits for dex users such as
airdrops and sped up timelines from
permanent loss protection
it was also really interesting to learn
more about how the elk token lives on
each chain the bridging as a service
platform offers
and how the team utilizes a reservoir
contract
and a bridging contract separately to
improve cross chain security with that i
want to thank you so much for taking the
time to listen to the smart economy
podcast
if you liked what you heard and want to
support the show
please keep neonews today in mind when
voting for your neo council
representative as part of neo's
governance process
we appreciate you and look forward to
catching you next time
you